Think about impacting 1 out of every 2 people online--in innovative and imaginative ways that are uniquely Yahoo. We do just that each and every day, and you could too. After all, it's big thinkers like you who will create the next generation of video experiences for consumers and advertisers across the globe. Now's the time to show the world what you've got and put your ideas to work for over half a billion people. 

The Video & Emerging Product group is building new consumer experiences that reach hundreds of millions of users every day. Our products range from content and entertainment to search, to the re-imagination of video. We are looking for innovative, entrepreneurial, and enthusiastic engineers to build-up our newly created Video team as we drive the evolution of our current portfolio into new technology areas and market segments. We are committed to delivering a superb user experience and are just scratching the surface! Together, we are building great products, driving innovation, and most importantly delighting our users. 

The ideal candidate is a technically strong engineer who likes a dynamic environment and a mix of design and development. This candidate must be highly proficient on web presentation technologies (HTML, CSS and JavaScript) and and comfortable with navigating the entire serving stack, from browser to API. 

Minimum Qualifications: 

BS in Computer Science and at least 4 years of professional web application development; OR 

MS in Computer Science and at least 2 years of professional web application development; OR 

Equivalent experience 

Command of web standards, HTML5, CSS-layouts, DOM scripting, cross-browser compatibility & browser degradation strategies 

Proficient in Object-Oriented JavaScript programming and at least one of the modern JS toolkits (e.g. jQuery, etc.) 

Proficient in server-side coding in at least one of the following languages: Node.JS (preferably Express or React), PHP, Java, Perl, MongoDB. 

Familiar with client and server performance optimization techniques, profiling, debugging 



Desired qualifications: 

Understanding of the full-stack of a web application 

Experience with test engineering including unit testing and functional test automation with tools such as jUnit, Selenium, HTMLUnit, or PhantomJS 

Experience with continuous integration philosophies and practices 

Productive in a UNIX environment